my new leather man search just arrived
and I'm really disappointed it has if
you can see here some play and that's a
huge disappointment but I want to get
one thing clear it's not from the pliers
so when it's in done in the open
position it's everything is perfect but
when it's closed lots of play I didn't
pull this out of while making this video
because i want to show another small
disappointment i had see this is the
thickest lanyard i could get through the
lanyard ring yeah you can see how thick
it is and this is paracord you see the
difference so there was absolutely no
way i could get a paracord well maybe
there is a way but i couldn't do it and
there's not everything everything is
really sharp on this night on this
multi-tool and i'm not talking about the
blades the edges yeah they're sharp
that's fine but these see these holes I
really have really sharp edges so when
you do this you can really fill them on
your fingertips and it doesn't hurt but
you can feel it's really sharp and yeah
that's what I wanted to say also the
blade exchanger it locks into place but
it has it also has a little play and the
saw I didn't try to see how the file
sits in there but it's I don't carry the
soul moves it doesn't matter if
the file stays in place well so yeah I
have warranty on it of course it's brand
new but i'm planning on using it for for
a while like this and i'll see what
happens if it breaks even more if the
blade the blade play the pliers play or
whatever gets even worse i'll send it
back and hopefully they'll exchange it
I'm not talking about leather man I got
it from a store being the time in
Romania it's kind of hard to send it in
America to leather man for them to
change it and you know what I mean no
also there was a little rust here and in
there and in there but I oiled it wiped
it hold it some more and now it's all
right so let's is not a review of course
because there are plenty of reviews of
the search on the on YouTube a couple of
them to that I really like our flus 5555
that's FL us and four fives and Smith
Jack USMC check their channels if you
want great reviews I just wanted to
complain a little so this was my rent
thanks for watching guys